This practicum comprises 4 problems, worth equal points each. You may choose
to attempt the problems in any order, but the suggested order is listed below.

The ONLY comment you are required to write in each module is a file comment 
including your full name. You DO NOT need to write single-line comments or
docstrings unless you want to.

You are restricted to using ONLY features of the Python language that were 
discussed in class lectures and in the homework assignments. If you use any 
features that were not used in class or homework assignments you will receive a
0 for the problem.

Implement your solution in the "practicum.py" file that has been provided to 
you. Feel free to write helper functions as needed.

0. A pytest unit test that has been provided to you in a file named 
   "practicum_test.py". You can use this test to verify that the functions you 
   write to solve most of the problems on this exam are working as expected.
   
   If you open the file, you will see that the tests have been commented out.
   This is so that you are not overwhelmed by syntax errors and failing tests
   every time you run the unit test. You are encouraged to uncomment the tests
   one-at-a-time as you work through the practicum. Once you get a test to pass,
   move on to the next one.

   Once you are done with the solutions, uncomment the test file so the grader can use pytest directly without extra efforts.


1. For this problem you will be making a book. Every book has the following 
   attributes:
   - title: The title of the book.
   - author: The name of the author.
   - publication_year: The year the book was published.

   Create a Python class to represent a book. It must include the 
   following features:
   - As always, use proper encapsulation for all attributes.
   - A book with the title, author, and publication year.
   - Accessors for all attributes.
   - A compact string representation in the format "<title> by <author> 
     (<publication year>)". For example, "1984 by George Orwell (1949)".
   - A more detailed string representation in the format "<title>, a book 
     by <author>, published in <publication year>." For example, "1984, a
     book by George Orwell, published in 1949."

2. These books will need to be sorted. For this exercise you will be sorting
   them in alphabetical order based on the author’s name. In case of the same
   author, the books should be sorted by title.

3. Now using this book class you will be creating a library class to store
   the books. Libraries have the following attributes:
  - name i.e. the name of the library.
  - books i.e. the collection of books that the library has.

  Create a Python class that represents a library. It must include the
  following features:
  - As always, use proper encapsulation for all attributes.
  - A library is initialized with a name and is empty (it does not contain
    any books). You should choose the best data structure to store the books.
  - Accessors for all attributes.
  - A method named "is_empty" that returns True if the library is empty (it
    does not have any books) and False otherwise.
  - A method named "reload" that declares a parameter for a collection of books
    and COPIES the books into the library. DO NOT use the data structure that is
    passed into the method to store the books in the library!
  - A method named "check_out" that takes a title and author and removes and returns
    the book if it exists in the collection, or None if it doesn't. 
  - A method named "return_book" that takes a book object and adds it to the collection.

4. Define a function organize_library that takes a Library and sorts the
   collection first by author and then by title, updating the Library collection.
